umn/source/flow_logs/enabling_a_flow_log.rst, before:

:original_name: er_01_0112.html

.. _er_01_0112:

Enabling a Flow Log
===================

Scenarios
---------

This section describes how to enable a flow log. After a flow log is enabled, the enterprise router will send log information to LTS.

Procedure
---------

#. Log in to the management console.

#. Click |image1| in the upper left corner and select the desired region and project.

#. Click **Service List** and choose **Networking** > **Enterprise Router**.

   The **Enterprise Router** homepage is displayed.

#. Search for the target enterprise router by name.


   .. figure:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001674900098.png
      :alt: **Figure 1** Searching for an enterprise router

      **Figure 1** Searching for an enterprise router

#. Click the enterprise router name and click **Flow Logs**.

   The flow log list page is displayed.


   .. figure:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001725954305.png
      :alt: **Figure 2** List of flow logs

      **Figure 2** List of flow logs

#. Locate the target flow log and click **Enable** in the **Operation** column.

   A confirmation dialog box is displayed.

#. Confirm the information and click **OK**.

   The flow log list is displayed.

#. View the flow log status.

   If the flow status changes from **Modifying** to **Enabled**, the flow log is successfully enabled.

.. |image1| image:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001190483836.png

Commit message:

Propagate changes to enterprise-router-umn from PreProd environment (#16)
Propagate changes to enterprise-router-umn from PreProd environment

Reviewed-by: Priya Sarda

umn/source/flow_logs/enabling_a_flow_log.rst, after:

:original_name: er_01_0112.html

.. _er_01_0112:

Enabling a Flow Log
===================

Scenarios
---------

If flow logging is enabled, flow logs will be collected from the next log collection period.

Procedure
---------

#. Log in to the management console.

#. Click |image1| in the upper left corner and select the desired region and project.

#. Click **Service List** and choose **Networking** > **Enterprise Router**.

   The **Enterprise Router** homepage is displayed.

#. Search for the target enterprise router by name.


   .. figure:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001674900098.png
      :alt: **Figure 1** Searching for an enterprise router

      **Figure 1** Searching for an enterprise router

#. Click the enterprise router name and click **Flow Logs**.

   The flow log list page is displayed.


   .. figure:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001725954305.png
      :alt: **Figure 2** List of flow logs

      **Figure 2** List of flow logs

#. Locate the target flow log and click **Enable** in the **Operation** column.

   A confirmation dialog box is displayed.

#. Confirm the information and click **OK**.

   The flow log list is displayed.

#. View the flow log status.

   If the flow status changes from **Modifying** to **Enabled**, the flow log is successfully enabled.

.. |image1| image:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001190483836.png
